1. L’envie and the rest of Fhurai’s mercenaries arrive at the Sea of Clouds.<br>
    - L’envie’s complains of the difficulty to arrive there by their own means
        - They had to find someone with a flying vehicle large enough to accept them
        - They are far away from any human civilization.
    - Fhurai has to do here with secret contacts
        - First suspicious, L’envie refer to the others behavior who wait patiently
        - She hears noise and see Vanu Vanu approaching Fhurai.
        - First ready to battle the beastmen, she see is the only one to be and the beastmen are afraid. She realizes she faces pacifist Zundu.
    - Fhurai came to know how ishgardians behave generally. As the city is closed to visitors, the only means for them to know how the life of the city is by asking nearby neighbors.
        - Zundus said ishgardians expand their territory in the Sea of Clouds. Their eyes still fixed on the Churning Mists, waiting for a sudden attack from the dragons.
        - Zundus avoided ishgardians but Vundus attacked them. Multiple confrontations happened. But the statu quo stays the same.
    - The mercenaries decide to go to the Zundu camp.
        - L’envie discovers the Zundu way of life.
        - She likes how they live off nearly nothing. They fish, they dance, they pray.
        - She excuses herself to have been belligerent with them. Zundu friends excuse her easily.
        - She discovers they are very scared of the Vundu and of the ishgardian. They only want to live in peace, away from everyone.
        - The mercenaries leave Fhurai’s contact after one week in the high altitude.
2. After the sky, the group go to the sea in the Noscea.
    - L’envie asks how many tribes they will visit. Fhurai tells her she will only meet one.
        - After a quick visit to Camp Overlook, they visit the 789th Order. There L’envie sees hapless kobolds.
        - Fhurai explains they may be hapless but they still are information sources about ether crystals.
        - L’envie visits the dig site and finds this is nearly an abandoned place.
    - The au ra finds one lonely kobold
        - He was bullied by kobolds from other orders. L’envie wants to help him. But she doesn’t know how.
        - Fhurai finds her and tells her to stay away from other orders. They are not here to help them. Just to gather information.
        - L’envie doesn’t understand how Fhurai can let those kobolds rot in this dump
    - The lalafell tell her off
        - Their goal is still to stop beastmen from summoning their primals. Kobolds and Vanu vanu are still beastmen. They can become their enemies under thrall from one day to another.
        - L’envie thinks they can stop conflicts between beastmen and humans if they cooperate. Fhurai calls her an idealist. She dreams of something impossible. Because they are too different and fear will always oppose them.
        - L’envie tells Fhurai she will not give up. She knows the solution is those rejected beings. Fhurai tells her this is her first warning. To three, he will fire her and let her rot with them.
