1. L’envie recovering from Seventh Calamity and tired of fighting non stop.
    - Watch busy people in Limsa helping each other
        - Meanwhile she leans on a book about crafting
        - Baderon asks her what she is reading
        - Answers this is about rings, armbands and necklaces of old. How they were crafted.
    - The innkeeper looks a bit and says some of those could be a hit with some rich people in Limsa and Ul’dah
        - L’envie is willing to try to create some of those jewelry to see if she is capable of works of this quality
        - A few days later, she comes back with different necklaces and rings
        - Baderon inspects them and find them quite nice
        - Asks L’envie if he can show them to a few friends to have their opinions about the jewelry
        - L’envie accepts and ask how long she will wait for their opinions
        - Baderon says she can do a few treasures in the meantime.
        - First skeptic, the aura want to try
    - Find a few announcements about unexplored caverns in proximity of Limsa
        - With a few mercenaries, she enters one cavern near Castrum Occidens
        - They fight oceanic creatures before finding a secret passage
    - There, they find garlean soldiers with a small camp and lots of boxes. Some contain contreband, others drugs. L’envie and her temporary colleagues find garleans use this camp for smuggling and earn enough cash to survive in their enclaves in Eorzea
        - While her colleagues make prisoners of the garleans, L’envie find boxes with treasures
        - She alerts the others and everyone is happy. They share treasures and decide to keep it for them.
    - After a few days, L’envie is back in Baderon’s inn. She sold her part of the treasures and earned big money.
        - Baderon welcomes back L’envie. Asks if her hunt was good. L’envie smiles a bit before answering it was profitable
        - Baderon says he got answers from his contacts. If some were not good, others jewelry were top quality
    - He says if she continues on her way, she could sell the high quality jewelry already to a good price and make even more high quality jewelry.
        - L’envie accepts the sale and begins to imagine.
        - She found her way. Something she excelled and who is not fighting