1. L’envie is invited to a business dinner.
    - A rich entrepreneur searches to add an artifact to his most prideful collection.
        - L’envie is not the only one invited. Two treasure hunters, a few adventurers and Rowena.
        - The artifact is said to be hidden in a crypt in a cavern in Lower Noscea.
        - The reward is an exclusive contract with the entrepreneur for his future collections.
    - L’envie is left with Rowena after the other participants leave.
        - Rowena recognize L’envie. She is one of the best crafter she knows. She asks L’envie if she wants to works for her personally.
        - L’envie thanks Rowena and says her company is one of the most known for good. She also refuses to work for Rowena. Because she is too much independant to work for someone else.
        - Rowena wishes good luck for the competition to which L’envie answers back with one good luck wish to Rowena.
    - Arriving at home, L’envie gathers her servants for they will prepare for a risky exploration the day after.
        - Claire will live first to gather evidence about the other competitors. L’envie wants to know if they have any leads.
        - Fureur will be in touch with her contacts to know what is known about the region.
        - Galare and Neyaz will stay with her to prepare material to map and gather all information with which they will be in contact.
2. The day after, L’envie’s company arrived in Lower Noscea.
    - Claire gives a quick resume.
        - All parties searched multiple caverns, each company apart from a few hundreds.
        - Claire saw a lone adventurer searching far from the others. She thinks this adventurer is not among the company present at the moment.
        - L’envie asks Claire to lead them to the adventurer. They find a woman who searches for a specific opening. She thinks about pirates who changed her life and work now for Limsa Lominsa. L’envie asks who is her employer and the female adventurer admits Rowena hired her as she was a part time detective, with a few successes to her belt.
        - Leaving her alone, L’envie admits to her party she doesn’t think the artifact is intact. Pirates in the zone are a given. Finding a pirate camp will be a key.
    - After searching far from the other groups of searchers, L’envie’s party finds a cave with a mechanism, leading to an abandoned pirate cave. 
        - There, they find poteries, beds, and tables. Nothing of value. Not a gold pile or precious artifacts. 
        - L’envie’s party go deeper until they find a pirate saying the cave is actually used. After searching even deeper, they find the pirates underground base. There they go through all pirates before finding their treasure. And in the middle of it, they find the entrepreneur artifact. Pleased with themselves, the party put the artifact in security before L’envie decides they should also take the pirate treasure.
        - After leaving the cave, the party sees the lone adventurer and tells her they found a cave with many pirates. She should return to Rowena to tell her they could not find the artifact alone.
    - Once returned to L’envie’s manor, the treasure is shared with one half for L’envie’s company and the other half shared between her retainers.
        - All women are grateful for the gift. They plan shopping trips and holidays. Playfully, L’envie reminds them she has to accept their holidays.
        - L’envie prepared the artifact for delivery. But before, she created a full plan to create copies of the artifact. After detailing everything, she discovers the artifact can be real, this is a very old reproduction of another great artifact.
        - She plans to give the artifact they found to the entrepreneur and to create back the very old original artifact.
3. The day after, she gave the artifact in person to the entrepreneur.
    - He verifies the artifact is the one he wants. After meticulous verifications, he affirmed this is the real artifact he searched.
        - He thanks her, telling her he will speak about her services to allies and friends.
        - L’envie thanks him for his help to make her work a profitable business. After leaving his home, L’envie sighs. She knows she played with the man's knowledge but this has to be done.
        - She decides to go to the nearer tavern to drink away her remorse and go back to home after.
    - In the tavern she meets Rowena.
        - Rowena congratulates her about her well done job. She knows her lone adventurer helped her indirectly to find the artifact.
        - L’envie doesn’t deny it. She tells Rowena she needs to find whole parties to do her binding for works like that. She was in one before and created that one when she decided to work in this business.
        - Rowena accepts the advice. L’envie, generous, decides to tell Rowena one secret : the artifact was just an entry for this type of product. Rowena understands L’envie can create copies of the artifact. She asks if she should expect more copies. L’envie answers that she will see more units of a better product. Rowena smiles understanding L’envie has a better idea than the entrepreneur about the artifact.
    - In a show of respect, Rowena proposes one deal.
        - Rowena will sell large quantities of rare products to her clients and the even rarer products and artifacts, she will redirect them to L’envie. If the au ra does the same in return. To what L’envie node.
        - Rowena recognizes L’envie has a gift to work on treasure hunting. Her employees hired for double jobs (householding and adventurers party) gives her an edge Rowena cannot expect to match apart from a rare talented adventurer going to her to find work.
        - L’envie can see Rowena is the majority partner in the market and she will not try to manfight her. But in the business she works in, she knows when she can put on weight. 
        - Rowena and L’envie deal is one of non aggression in few fields of business. In some, they will fight each other fairly. Of the meeting, each woman leaves with a smile knowing their rivalry just began. 