Location : _*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LLBu7X6OzM*_

1. L’envie and Minfilia come back from a night out.
        - L’envie wanted to rest at home when Minfilia had them going to a tavern near her Mist home.
        - Minfilia wanted a public place to put L’envie at ease  when asking how her everyday life went since the last time they met. L’envie explained her last business and how she intended to get some work done the days after.
        - Minfilia, a bit unsure, tells L’envie she appreciates L’envie work for the Scion of the Seventh Dawn. She helped them with lots of precious information about Allagan relics found in weird places (Amdapor ruins and lots of Shroud ruins). She is also very happy about their relationship.
        - Surprised by the change of topic, L’envie asks Minfilia if something is up. Minfilia tells L’envie she has plans in the future. But those plans need L’envie to have more contacts with the Scions. So she invited a female person to participate in one of L’envie & Minfilia’s fun nights. Those fun nights being the times where Minfilia dominates sexually L’envie.
    - First shocked, L’envie asks if this is Minfilia invitation to L’envie to have sex with more female.
        - Minfilia tells L’envie the guest she invited doesn’t know about her secret. She also is a curious scholar Minfilia invited for a meet and greet event. The event will just be more physical than she expected.
        - L’envie is septic because she trusts Minfilia. The blond knows she has trauma. She also knows how cathartic those nights are for her. Minfilia tells her this is the test night. If something bad happens, she will not invite anyone anymore. 
        - L’envie accepts the meeting. She just asked if the meeting would happen the next time. Tonight she wants Minfilia and Minfilia only. Minfilia smiles and accepts the deal.
    - Return to L’envie Mist house. Minfilia laughs about L’envie’s rule that they don’t wear clothes in her underground private quarters. 
        - L’envie explains her retainers don’t come here and they can enjoy each other's presence. Minfilia add they can have sex as they want when they want. L’envie laughs and nods.
        - As they disrobe themselves, Minfilia watches L’envie expose her erection. The blond asks when she has it. L’envie answers she has had it since they arrived at the tavern. Minfilia is admirative how L’envie progressed with it since she discovered her secret.
        - L’envie thanks her because she is the main reason for her control with her dick. Minfilia smiles at her before kissing the aura. Minfilia tells her this shows how far their relationship went. Minfilia smirks and says to L’envie she should be rewarded.
    - Minfilia pushes L’envie in her sofa.
        - She goes on her knees between L’envie legs and tells her to profit. She puts L’envie’s dick in her mouth and sucks her. Once well lubricated, she licks it before putting it between boobs and uses her chest to stroke L’envie’s cock. The action goes well until L’envie cums. Minfilia puts only the head of the dick in mouth to drink what L’envie lets go. L’envie likes how Minfilia looks with her chest glowing in her cum, like the bottom part of her face. Minfilia swallows and says this is the beginning.
        - Minfilia puts her legs on both sides of L’envie’s legs before putting L’envie’s dick in her pussy. Then she rides L’envie’s cock slowly. The two females kiss tenderly while making love. Minfilia puts one of her nipples in L’envie’s mouth and orders her to suck. Meanwhile, she strokes her clitoris at the same time. This time, they cum together.
        - Finally Minfilia leds L’envie’s to her bed. Minfilia lays on the bed and tell L’envie to make love to her. L’envie goes on her knees between Minfilia’s legs and puts her dick in. She rolls her hips while going up with her mouth. She licks Minfilia tummy, chest, neck and mouth. Minfilia orgasms increase faster than the au ras. L’envie plays with Minfilia clitoris and nipples white kissing her. Making her cum. Minfilia has time for a second orgasm before L’envie cums, half of her ejaculation in Minfilia and half on her, painting her off white. A bit tired, the two go to sleep with Minfilia telling L’envie the day after will also be fun so she should keep the energy.
2. The day after, L’envie returns to her empty Mist home after a hard day of work as her retainer has their day to rest.
    - At the bar, she finds a note saying to wear her latex gloves and stockings only. And to go to her office on the first floor. In the corridor leading to it, she finds Minfilia in a pink garter belt only. There Minfilia kisses her and launch the festivities
        - Taking L’envie by the dick, Minfilia leads L’envie to her office sofa. There she pushes L’envie on the sofa harder the day before before asserting her dominance by taking L’envie’s dick in her pussy and riding her hard. L’envie tries to fight back, as a token resistance. At the same time, she kisses her and gives her no time to rest. After a fast climax from L’envie, Minfilia changed the position a bit, leading the act as she was the one with the dick. After going faster and faster, the two women cum together still kissing.
        - Minfilia sucks L’envie back to hardness before taking her by the dick to L’envie’s private quarters in the underground. There, Minfilia leads to another sofa, less large but more bouncy. Minfilia asks L’envie if she is ready for their guest. L’envie is a bit anxious while sitting on the sofa.
        - Minfilia sits on L’envie’s lap, back to her, catching the dick between her thighs. She strokes it while continuing the discussion. Their guests know they are all here to permit L’envie and the guest to know each other better. L’envie is curious how Minfilia wants to introduces all the sex of their life to their guest. Minfilia turns her face back to L’envie before smiling and saying she will surprise her.
    - One bell indicates to Minfilia their guest arrived. She asks L’envie to prepare in her bedroom before kissing her forcely, making her inspire her scent to make the dick rock hard.
        - While Minfilia puts on a bathrobe, L’envie slowly goes towards her bedroom. Slightly dazed, she has some difficulty staying upright in her bedroom from the sofa of the private living room. As she attains her bedroom door, the door to the stairs opens again and Minfilia appears again. Right behind her is Y’shtola Rhul, another Scion and female with a special scent triggering her ether.
        - First intrigued by the invitation, Y'shtola wasn’t expecting L’envie D’aimer, the Scion treasure hunter, to sport a dick in private. Minfilia, smirks before saying the two Scions are special as they are a few only to make her dick pop. L’envie, with difficulty, explains only a few females with a special scent can trigger her ether. Ether who changes her clitoris into a dick to breed those females as her mate.
        - Y’shtola understands but she is still curious about the conditions for the dick. Minfilia asks Y’shtola if she wants to do experiments. Always the scholar, Y’shtola asks how and Minfilia say to undress in her most daring lingerie or to get in the nude. Y’shtola undresses and watches as Minfilia goes to L’envie to kiss her. Minfilia then Y’shtola to repeat her actions. Y’shtola kisses L’envie and the action makes L’envie’s dick spurt precum on the two kissing females. Minfilia exclaims that Y'shtola gets a strong reaction !
    - Minfilia leads L’envie to the bedroom sofa and invites Y’shtola to sit at both sides of L’envie.
        - There, Minfilia helps to stroke L’envie’s dick. With all the precum the au ra shot, the friction is quite easy to produce. Y’shtola asks Minfilia how long they do it. The blond tells six months. L’envie was first a mess at the slightest interaction. L’envie continued by  saying she was truly a faucet with how she came. Minfilia laughs remembering she filled a bath completely in which she laid with a good book and a glass of wine. To what L’envie remembers she stayed on her back until her knees made her suffer. Minfilia gives a hard nudge on her dick, asking if L’envie complains to what L’envie answers no to her mistress.
        - Minfilia continues saying L’envie is clearly a sub when her dick is out and all females could dominate her when they made it pop. Minfilia tells Y’shtola to have fun with the au ra before leaving the miqo and the blue haired girl. Curious, Y’shtola asks L’envie if she is fine. L’envie is more than fine, she has only one desire at the moment, this is to be in Y’shtola pussy. First taken aback by the frank exclamation, she smiles then and says she should thank her host by kissing. The two females kiss each other, Y’shtola hands going faster and faster in the jerking of L’envie’s dick.
        - She decided then to ride L’envie’s dick. First surprised by the length, she rides slowly but steadily. She kisses L’envie while riding her. L’envie climax finally and gives a slight bulge to Y’shtola with the quantity she released. Watching Y’shtola slowly stop, L’envie takes matters in her hands, or more commonly her hips, and moves her own hips. Y’shtola is first taken aback before feeling more and more pleasure. L’envie goes faster and faster until Y’shtola lets out a clear moan while cumming around L’envie dick. Switching their place, L’envie put the miqo'te on her back, continuing her hips moves. She au ra takes one of  the catgirl nipples in her mouth while fucking her. Y'shtola, surprised by the move, feels a new orgasm going. L’envie moves are more and more jerky. Gladly their orgasmes hit at the same time triggering each other. L’envie, smaller of the two, lay on Y'shtola saying she finally met the second Scion who made her discover her dick.
    - Y’shtola asks how. L’envie answers that they left clothes with their scent in a room where she had a meeting. The scent made her go crazy, her dick coming out for the first time and not disappearing before she got her first ejaculation with it. Y’shtola laughs at the situation.
        - L’envie’s dick get alive again. L’envie asks Y’shtola if she is ready for a new round. Y’shtola laughs harder and says L’envie is a climax engine. L’envie smiles before telling she has a record of a dozen climaxes in one hour. Y’sthola dared her to beat it with her sometime. Slightly sore, Y’shtola gave a blowjob to L’envie to give her time to get her breathing back. Once L’envie is ready again, Y’shtola rides her again and takes her face in her hands before slowly kissing her. The two women don’t hear Minfilia coming back.
        - Y’shtola is surprised when L’envie’s dick jerk again in her pussy, suddenly revitalized. L’envie moans to Minfilia to alert her before going for her pussy. Y’shtola turns back to see Minfilia wearing a strapon and fucking L’envie at the same pace as her riding. Minfilia smiles and tells them she gave them ample time to be alone. She wants her fun too. Y’shtola turns her back to L’envie and kisses Minfilia to the other women. She wants to thank her for the invitation. The two Scion kiss languidly while fucking the au ra. The blue haired woman holds Y’shtola’s hips as dear life. When they stop kissing, Y’shtola alerts Minfilia that she and L’envie are about to cum. Minfilia goes faster with her toy until L’envie climax, triggering Y’shtola own climax.
        - At Y’shtola amusement, Minfilia straps L’envie’s arms behind her own back and straps the au ra legs together. Proudly displaying the aura, the blond admits she had the idea from a while to use L’envie a living dildo to fuck someone else. Y’shtola goes on all four and invites Minfilia to try. Follow a slow fucking where Y’shtola and Minfilia mention L’envie only as a toy. When L’envie is ready to cum, Minfilia puts her whole dick in one thrust in Minfilia who climax and make L’envie climax. Tired, the miqo'te and the au ra lay on the sofa like disarticulated dolls.
        - After a nice evening where L’envie’s dick was mostly used, and long baths, the three naked women lay together and talk, smiling to each other. They fucked for five long hours with two women fucking together to let the third one rest. L’envie’s dick was gone for a while now and they were eating ice creams. L’envie tells her own adventures from her princess life known as Desirée. Y’shtola tells her stories of her life with Master Matoya and her sister Y’mithra. Minfilia tells her own story from her childhood with the name Ascillia to the most recent creation of the Scion of the Seventh Dawn. 
        - Minfilia and L’envie welcome Y’shtola in their fun nights. Nights where they use sex to play with each other. Nights where you can relax without any care. Nights that Y’shtola can now spend here too to use L’envie as the sub she is. L’envie asks only to alert her so she can prepare her retainers for their visits. Y’shtola thanks them for the gift. She tells them will continue to visit when she has the time and the desire to have fun.