1. L’envie prepare herself for an eventful day
    - She has to meet the Scions for a job and so she need to prepare herself for the possible scents of her two sex friends, Minfilia and Y’shtola.
        - After feeling the scent of Minfilia and a short pass at her WC, she goes happily to the Waking Sands.
        - On the way, she heard disturbing news about unknown militaries going to and from Vesper Bay. Bothered firstly, L’envie becomes frantic when she arrives at the Bay.
        - She hears one adventurer went to the Waking Sands and found bodies. Many bodies were brought to the Eastern Thanalan to be buried.
    - L’envie goes in and the scent of blood intoxicates her.
        - She sees the traces of many bodies. Mostly in the corridors and hallways of the refuge. After searching, she sees no traces of Minfilia or Y’shtola.
        - She finds traces of fire weapons and other melee weapons used. No magic. L’envie begins to see a pattern she doesn’t like. She tries to find other proofs but nothing she can use at the moment.
        - Without any news, L’envie meets all the people in the Bay to have news about what happened at the Waking Sands. The militaries were unknown to most people. One person says they look like people near Cape Westwind.
        - L’envie goes to Camp Westwind and watches Garlean soldiers in the distance. L’envie grits her teeth. She is not looking to fight them. Wondering the movements, she decides to go meet people she didn’t want to meet.
    - One day later, the au ra met at the Quick Sands Inn in Ul’dah. There, she meets a roegadyn, an old contact of her days as a mercenary.
        - He asks her for a little reward for his news. Money she is ready to give only if the news is worth it. He tells her the garleans go deeper in Eorzea. They attack adventurers and beastmen in the open without any care
        - She gives him money and she is ready if he has more about kidnappings by garleans. He tells her they have a few people from Thanalan. People who are a pain in the ass for Garleans.
        - L’envie thanks him with more money. She wonders if she can find more information. After a quick check, she has a contact through Rowena to Mor Dhona
        - There, she finds the garlean of the near Castrum are very active. As they were preparing for a big operation. After waiting a good week, L’envie returns home. Her work needs her, her retainers too. But she prays. She prays for the safe return of her close friends. May they return to her, safe and sound.