1. L’envie in her office. She is clearly anxious.
    - When Fureur Devaincre, her retainer, brings her a drink, she asks if she made a mistake.
        - After many close calls where Ceres and Minfilia nearly met each other. She is scared they will turn their backs to her, leaving her alone. She decided to be open about her relationship with them. So she invited them together to make them meet each other.
        - Fureur answers that she didn’t make a mistake. Something, this is better to be frank with people. That doesn’t mean she understands how that works for her employer. A quick ring bell. L’envie hears a few sounds before someone climbs the stairs. Claire Dejais, another retainer and her most trustful one, appears in her office. Guests expect L’envie on the ground floor. She awaits her mistress' order. L’envie tells her to keep the guests on the ground floor. She wants to see them at the same time. Claire nods before leaving. Fureur asks if Claire with the cheongsam wearing retainers is not an invitation for their guests to depravity. Understanding Fureur's intention to lighten the mood, L’envie cannot bring herself to think Claire as a sexual creature. Fureur nods, understanding the sentiment. A quick kunai appears between the two women. A quick note on it telling “I heard that”. The two remaining women are afraid of her eavesdropping skills.
        - After a second ring bell and a quick chat she didn’t understand, L’envie tells Fureur to bring them here so she can speak with them. She also tells her to hold a message until she gives the all clear. Fureur understands and she is on it.
        - Ceres and Minfilia enter at the same time in the office, Their looks showed incomprehension. Minfilia shows distrust towards the pink haired aura when Ceres is more curious about the blonde hyur also present. L’envie knows she has to get through the abces quickly. So she presents each woman to the other. After the quick presentation, she also presents her relationship to each woman. Minfilia is her first sex friend, her Dom, the one who knows all her secrets. Ceres is a new sex friend who discovered her secret dick and accepted her without any question. The blue haired woman explains how her life recently turned around her relationship with many women. She has had other women in her life recently (she thinks about Y’shtola). She doesn’t know how to act. Her work didn’t suffer too much from it. But she needs to clear everything to know where she stands at the moment.
    - Ceres is mostly curious at the moment. She wants to know how that works.
        - L’envie begins about how Minfilia was the first to come to her about her reaction. Minfilia continued, explaining she searched for L’envie trauma and her body condition. From that search, she deduced how L’envie reacted to her. L’envie ‘s submissive side added oil on her fire. She wanted her. And from one thing to another, they slept together. Of course, they could have claimed each other, to close their relationship. Minfilia added the au ra body reaction made her think. A lot. She understood L’envie could be too much for her alone. Just the cum filled bath was enough to understand how L’envie could be too much. Ceres laughs before telling she understands the feeling.
        - Ceres explains how she meets L’envie and how their relationship naturally evolved into what they had today : an open relationship where anyone can come and go. She has no problem with it. Neither does L’envie. The complete list of their meetings happen between the four walls they are in, apart from that one time when they met. L’envie remarks she has difficulty working when Ceres is there. Ceres giggles when she hears it and asks L’envie if a blowjob under the desk doesn’t relieve the work stress and boredom. L’envie blushes a bit, saying she needs to work on those documents sometimes and she needs to fully concentrate to understand them. Minfilia smirks and observes that a little pause in administrative work can be nice, even nicer when passed with a really close friend.
        - L’envie tells them she has to let them think about everything and she will hear them when they decide how their relationships are going. She hopes one of them will still like her enough to be friends with her. She then left to see the jobs announcements in the nearest tavern and chat with people to know if news is good for her work. Once L’envie leaves, she sighs. She is scared. She really hopes she will still have someone to return to at the end of the day.
2. Evening arrives, L’envie returns to her Mist home. 
    - Her plans to expand her homes have a way to go as she found a location in the Goblet for a mansion.
        - Her own manor. She hopes she will have someone to visit with. She enters her house and awaits her retainer to welcome her. Surprise, she found a card on the bar counter. A note from Minfilia asking her to join her in the basement. There, she finds Ceres and Minfilia in their birthday suits, laughing while drinking wine. L’envie asks what happened. Ceres, exuberant as she is, hugs L’envie and tells her they discussed her fate. Minfilia joins her and continues Ceres proclamation telling the blue haired human she will suffer as never she has. She will have to accept them as her sex partners. Ceres and Minfilia collaborate to undress her. Minfilia reminds her this is her basement rule to be in the nude.Once the three women are naked, Ceres kisses L’envie before giving the place to Minfilia. The blond then whispers to L’envie they will use her as the little nice toy she is. If L’envie dick was hard before when she undressed, at the moment, she is harder than steel.
        - Minfilia forcefully kisses L’envie against a wall, holding her with her hands under her ass. L’envie closes her eyes and focuses on her lips until she feels a hand holding her dick. Opening her eyes in surprise, she sees Ceres smiling while stroking her dick. She also plays with L’envie’s nipples at the same time. All those sensations are already too much for L’envie who cums on Minfilia tummy and Ceres hands. L’envie barely holding upright, Minfilia takes her to bed, followed by Ceres who ready herself for a long night. Minfilia plays a little saying baby wants to rest.
    - Once L’envie is put on her bed, taking back her breath, Minfilia and Ceres , on their knees, watch each other talking without words. 
        - Nodding to each other, Ceres takes all her time to rest on her front, mouth at proximity of L’envie’s dick, by the side to not block access to L’envie’s other genitals. She licks it languidly, almost lovingly. In the meantime, Minfilia goes to rest on her front too to lick on L’envie’s pussy. At the same time, L’envie two lovers sucks on their objective and L’envie moans a lot under their sensations. Minfillia replaces her tongue per finger rather than two. Ceres sucks the dick more and more frantically and to surprise L’envie, she puts one finger of her other hand in L’envie ass. Under the triple assault, L’envie climax again.
        - Minfilia goes under L’envie . She puts her on her front, with L’envie’s head on her chest. Ceres takes L’envie’s dick in her pussy. Ceres rides hard directly, giving no time to L’envie to rest. Ceres takes L’envie face in her hands to kiss her. Minfilia at the same time put her hands in L’envie pussy. Fingers coming and going slowly, teasing. L’envie asks for more. Ceres goes even harder, her hips rolling fast. Minfilia goes deeper with more fingers at the same time. At the brink of orgasm, L’envie tells she is close when Ceres reaches her climax. Stopping her hips, she relishes in the white haze she attained, her pussy waving around L’envie dick. The sensations are too much for the blue haired woman who cum a lot in Ceres pussy, enlarging her tummy under the large quantity of sperm she let go. Ceres let the dick go and slumped on her side, tired.
        - Minfilia decides her turn has come. Taking L’envie’s ankles on her shoulders, she puts the free dick in her pussy in a reverse mating press. This is her turn to pump the dick with her dick. L’envie still moans under the pleasure. The blonde presses her front on L’envie torso to kiss her while riding her dick. L’envie thinks she slowly loses her mind until Minfilia stops moving. L’envie fills then something fills her pussy. Minfilia returns her hips movement and other movements rhythmically fills her love channel. L’envie realize Minfilia fucks her dick while Ceres fucks her pussy. After a slow escalation of her orgasm, this time her orgasm triggers Minfilia’s own climax.
        - Minfilia asks Ceres to give her a strapon. Ceres gives another than the one she wears at the moment. After that, the pinkette goes to town with L’envie’s asshole. Minfilia puts her own, lubricates it and takes Ceres’ place in L’envie ass. The blue haired au ra takes a little bit of time to not feel discomfort before Ceres uses her own strapon in L’envie pussy. Slowly the blonde hyur and the pink haired aura  double penetrate L’envie . Minfilia hands L’envie hips to pump while Ceres uses L’envie’s dick as an anchor. The pleasure is faster for L’envie as she is double teamed in her holes. Her climax is more explosive that time and she covers the three of them with her sperm, to the surprise of the two guests.
    - L’envie feels sleep take her and she succumbs to Morpheus' appeal at the view of Minfilia and Ceres kissing with her cum between their lips.
        - The day after, the three women bathed together in L’envie’s bath. No dick so no fun. L’envie thanked them again for trusting her with their relationship. Minfilia persists saying they have fun. Nothing really serious at the moment. Ceres continues saying their deal about sex when they want to hold.
        - L’envie agrees with their terms. She has other projects on the way. She has plans for a future manor in Goblet and she would like to invite people for an inaugural night with all the friends possible.
        - Ceres doesn’t know who to invite. Minfilia proposes Y’shtola and Y’mithra, Y’shtola’s sister. With all accounts, they should be five. L’envie’s like that. Not too much to be stressed or not to be comfortable. But right enough to not force always the same in the action.
        - Ceres laughs and tells L’envie she should be more spontaneous about her sexcapades. L’envie humphs, she is too busy to have free time at the moment. That’s why she needs to plan it out. Naughty glint in her eyes, Ceres french kisses L’envie, rubbing her pussy. L’envie’s clitoris changes shape and becomes a dick. Ceres asks Minfilia if she has time for more. She wants to fucks Minfilia per behind using L’envie as a living and climaxing dildo. Minfilia laughs and dares Ceres. L’envie in the middle knows she will lose her mind again. But for the right thing with the best person in her life.