1. L’envie and her four retainers, including two new women : a viera called Neyaz and a redhead midlander called Galare.
    - All women are tidying up the basement. Neyaz asks why she wants a cabaret there.
        - L’envie explains the cabaret will serve to host events in the manor and gain traction from rich entrepreneurs and collectors. She wants to make them feel like they have less and less time from her for their deals. She wants them to put more money on the table for her. Claire understands the idea. She wants to auction her service now she gains reputation in the place of auctioning her products.
        - L’envie admits she worked hard last months to have the funds to buy the manor. And to have the reputation she has now. Galare recognized the work was overwhelming when she arrived as the manor was in the middle of construction. With all furniture going in and out, the workers are in the way, still putting in all the electricity network, gas pipes and water pipes. L’envie admits she was thankful to return to her Mist home for some silence.
    - Claire asks if the party she planned is still in the works.
        - L’envie says they are in the final stage of the move in. The ground floor was harder to install for all the trophies she got and all the fish furniture. Fureur laughs that she didn’t expect the plant walls in the fish room. Claire says the trophy room is too much at her taste. She didn’t fight those monsters. L’envie lets it go saying she paid the material high enough to show off a bit. And this is not like the vendors got any advantages in the process.
        - Fureur attest the library on the first floor is fully filled. And the office is ready to receive visitors. Claire continues by saying the armors are too much. L’envie laughs before being somber. She suffered enough to get those armors. This show is the minimum she should do with them. Finally, L’envie tells them the cabaret is nearly ready. Her private quarters are great with a scene for private shows and her bedroom is finished.
        - Fureur asks if the private quarters will be out of bounds for them as the private quarters in the Mist home. L’envie answers yes. Same space so she expects to not have more problems in Mist. Also with the cabaret in near proximity, she can order food there and take it back to her private quarters. Neyaz has one final question : where do they put the metal bars they brought? L’envie quickly tells them to put them in the proximity of her private quarters, she will take care of them. To the low laughs of all retainers.
    - L’envie has to prepare for her guests. 
        - She asks all retainers to be ready to receive and to bring them to the fish room. Once the four guests have arrived, they should show them the way to her private quarters. Once her order was understood, she went down in her private quarters. She installed the bars for striptease on the scene. She puts towels on the floor near her bath and hides those behind screens. She puts wine bottles and finger foods on counters, ready to use. Watching all around her, she smiles and tells herself she is ready.
        - A quick knock on the door before Fureur indicates that her guests have arrived. L’envie asks to show them the way. And to indicate all rules for her private quarters are on pause while she discusses them. L’envie smiles more and is excited for the incoming party with many friends and someone new.
2. When all the women enter the quarters, they are a bit overwhelmed.
    - They look around and see the last L’envie. 
        - If Y’shtola and Minfilia give her a quick kiss on the lips, Ceres french kiss L’envie putting tongue and everything in the kiss. Y’mithra salutes her easily but doesn't kiss her. L’envie asks their thoughts about the manor. Minfilia admits the exterior is very green for a desert manor. Y’shtola likes how her garden has lots of water, and the manor has some too with the fish room. L’envie tells this is her origins before lightly laughing. L’envie then asks if they want something before showing the counter with the food and drinks.
        - After everyone took something, they all gathered on the sofa surrounding the scene. Ceres is curious why the retainers told them no rules were in place. L’envie explains quickly to Y’mithra she had a no clothes rule in her Mist home. But recently, she decided to rescind it. To everyone, she explains she got cold feet about everyone in the nude because if it showed people not hiding anything from each other, it lost another appeal with time : it wasn’t sexy anymore for their fun nights.
        - Y’mithra is confused about the fun nights that make all other women laugh. After everyone explaining L’envie particularity, Y’mithra understand those fun nights are just girls nights with lot of sex with L’envie in the middle. L’envie wants to have more fun nights but with more casualty. So she thought a lingerie/sex outfit rule in her private quarters. So everybody could walk as they wanted and be sexy enough for quickies. And she admits she looks forward to seeing more interaction between her friends.
    - Y’sthola is the first to disrobe herself into her lingerie. Something plain, not very sexy.
        - The catgirl excuses herself but she has no sexy stuff at the moment. Her sister followed with something of the same style. L’envie and Minfilia show they have a more risque lingerie with lace and frills. L’envie and Minfilia laugh at each other telling they match. Ceres shows that she is the most daring as she loses the bra and keeps only the thong. L’envie dicks is already present and hard but L’envie doesn’t feel the need to use it.
        - Discussion continues with L’envie asking Y’mithra what her work is. At the same time Y’shtola and Minfilia discuss their childhood. Ceres on the side, eats a bit. Without any care, Ceres goes on her knees between L’envie’s legs, lowers L’envie’s panties (freeing L’envie’s dick) and begins to lick it. Y’mithra is first surprised before L’envie tells her Ceres is a sex fiend with many thoughs about sex. Her favorite part still is giving oral. L’envie let the pink haired do her work as she continued the discussion with Y’mithra.
        - After a while, L’envie cums in Ceres mouth, giving her a mouthful of cum. Seeing the price, Minfilia asks Ceres to come to her so she can still a bit of cum in an open mouth kiss. Y’shtola is curious about the kiss and asks one too. Ceres kisses her, sharing the last of cum she still has in mouth. Still having Y’shtola in her arms, she falls on one sofa before disrobing her of her lingerie and licking her chest. Minfilia is curious about the Rhul sisters' taste. So she goes to Y’mithra and kisses her too, following Ceres' example to disrobe the mi’qote. L’envie watches the action around her and decides to follow Minfilia in tasting Y’mithra.
3. The two sisters finish head besides head, in opposite directions.
    - Y’mithra asks Y'mithra if she feels good. 
        - Y’mithra answers back that she feels really good. And if those fun nights are like that all the time, she will come back. Y’shtola is glad before moaning when Ceres eats her pussy slowly, giving licks to her clitoris. Y’mithra has two mouths licking and sucking her chest. The mouth slowly lowers to her pussy where one licks her clitors when the other licks her pussy. The climax builds slowly but steadily. She sighs when one mouth disappears but the other becomes more frantic. She climaxed under its ministries. The mouth stops a bit before it comes back under another rythme. The Rhul sister open her eyes and sees L’envie fucking Minfilia doggystyle when the blond continue to licks her. In a common effort, all three come together.
        - Y’shtola has Ceres mouth replaced by her fingers while the aura mouth is back on her chest. Fast, she is building an orgasm Ceres triggers when flicking her clitoris. The mi’qote stay high in her climax before laying limp, resting. Ceres seeing L’envie is still hard, go to her. She takes her hand and sits herself on the sofa. She tells L’envie to come fuck her, something the bue haired aura is quite happy to do. L’envie pumped quite fast when mischievous Ceres hugs her, keeping the arms close to the body. 
    - L’envie doesn’t understand until someone locks her tibia and thighs of each leg together. 
        - Watching behind her, she sees Minfilia smirks before she locks her arms too, forearms and  wrist of each arm together. Minfilia puts then a strapon she lubricates a lot before she inserts it in L’envie ass. Minfilia watches her work before asking how her new cock looks like, stroking L’envie’s dick. The strapon is special because she can feel the friction on the object going to her clitoris.. Ceres has a belly laugh, telling it looks magnificent. Y’shtola and Y’mithra watch lazily. The Scion asks if this development is recent. Minfilia tells this is a way for her to fuck and come in other women. Ceres uses her index finger towards Minfilia and tells her to use her new cocks to make her cums. Minfilia asks her to go on all four. In position, she is filled with L’envie cock while Minfilia is the one pumping her hips. Minfilia is eager as the dildo shares the pleasure. She tries to reach her own orgasm. L’envie is quite vocal, telling whoever hears her that her dick is on fire and she will cum soon. Minfilia pumps harder and when L’envie trembles in her arms, she follows her. The other aura has her arms giving out under the pleasure as she cums too.
        - Y’shtola asks if L’envie has more room. Minfilia tells yes when L’envie tells no. Minfilia goes to find a ball gag and puts it in L’envie mouth. She persists to say L’envie has more room. Y’shtola finds another strapon and puts it on, exclaiming under the strapon effects. Minfilia smiles saying this is a special product L’envie created especially for the blond. The Scion chief sits on one sofa and presents L’envie pussy to Y’shtola, welcoming her. Y’shtola penetrates L’envie and discovers what a pussy feels for a man. She becomes eager to experiment with it. Minfilia pumps in L’envie ass when the Rhul sister pumps in L’envie pussy. Her sister asks if she can join them. Minfilia says she can support L’envie and her if she wants to ride L’envie dick. Something she does immediately after. Slowly, all women feel pleasure growing. Pumping faster and faster, Minfilia is the first to cum, pushing the strapon hard. The strapon surprises L’envie who moans in the ball gag while cumming in Y’mithra pussy. The ejaculation triggers the miqo’te own climax who puts her arms around Y’shtola neck and openly kisses her. The kiss breaks the scholar's concentration to not cum and make her reach her pleasure nirvana. Once the quatuor falls in a pile of limbs, Ceres is conscious enough to unbind L’envie arms and legs. All the friends fall asleep together.
        - After a few hours of sleep, the friends shower in L’envie’s bath. Y’shtola and Y’mithra are laying on the towels on the ground behind the screens. Y’mithra smiles while drinking tea. She was surprised by her sister's boldness to kiss her. Sister who smiles before telling she should expected it when inviting her to a sex party. L’envie in the bath is happy the welcome party went well. Minfilia and Ceres nod to her. They know they can come whenever they want and ask if L’envie will have time for them. The blue haired aura admits her workload will increase with the new manor, but she will try to find time for them. All females smile at each other. A new sort of sisterhood was born at the moment.