1. L’envie is waiting in Dr. Mikota waiting room.
    - Her half annual checkup is happening soon and she prefers to come early. 
        - There she is bored and read all the magazines at her disposal. She is surprised to find a magazine about latex outfits trending as a great wave is coming on Eorzea. Quite captivated by the tight outfits, L’envie reads in one article how much latex is used in the BDSM lifestyle. She retains the name of the magazine and the month of publication when she is called to enter her physician office.
        - Once the check up is done, L’envie searches for the magazine in the nearest pub. Once the magazine is in hand, she inspects every page and looks at all outfits. She is quite amazed by the outfits. She finds them quite sexy and wonders if she should create one such outfit for herself. Not sure what is good looking, she decides to go to a clothes store specialized in latex outfits. But first, she needs help from her friends. She contacts Minfilia and Ceres to meet, she needs to explain everything.
    - A few days later, the three friends meet in L’envie Goblet Manor.
        - L’envie explains how she went to the subject of latex shopping. Ceres and Minfilia are interested enough to follow L’envie on her shopping trip. Ceres to see if she can find something she likes. Minfilia to follow L’envie and see what she likes. L’envie thanks them for following her.
        - Ceres wants to use their time at L’envie private quarters for a fun night. L’envie admits her dick appeared but she is quite tired, she would be more for a casual night all together. Minfilia, understanding the need, tells them she needs too a calm night. They all undress into their lingerie and just lay on her sofas. Ceres, the sexual create she is, cannot stop herself to free L’envie’s cock to put it in her mouth. L’envie laughs a bit, telling Ceres cannot avoid her favorite lollipop. Minfilia laughs too before searching for food for them. The three friends talk easily with Ceres taking her time to search one mouthful of cum from L’envie’s dick from time to time, in the peaceful comfort of L’envie’s private quarters.
2. A few days later, after L’envie and her two friends find themselves at the front of a clothes store a bit hidden from the common market.
    - L’envie must admit she is a bit shy to enter. 
        - Minfilia wants to support her and tell they will go in only if she is ready. Ceres pushes a bit and take the lead to open the door. Gathering all her courage, L’envie pushes forward. Inside they find not only clothes, but also sex toys and all products needed for their care. Watching all around her, L’envie is a bit submerged.
        - Ceres goes alone through the shelves of the store, quite amused by everything she sees and makes appreciative throat noises. Minfilia for her part is intrigued by a few clothes she would like to try. L’envie for her part begins by what she wants in the first part : latex clothes while Ceres makes little appreciative cries.
        - Going into the matching shelves, she finds nice pants and tops. She and Minfilia tell each other what cloth would fit the other. Minfilia found a cute gray skirt with black ties for L’envie. L’envie likes it too and takes it. A clerk joins them and offers them to try the whole set of Tekuho clothes. 
    - Willing to try, L’envie brings all clothes into a fitting room.
        - She is first quite embarrassed by the torso who let her breasts open to the sight of everyone. The skirt cut is low, very low. The two parts are accompanied by high boots and high gloves. The feeling of the clothes are strange at first. But when she finishes putting on all the clothes, she cannot herself admire how she looks. This is quite sexy to her. She asks Minfilia to bring Ceres to come see the outfit.
        - Ceres is the first to inspect and she is licking her lips watching L’envie in the outfit. The close proximity of one of her lovers made the clitoris of the blue haired aura grow into her penis, lifting the skirt enough to be visible. Ceres is quite appreciative of the feature. Eyeing around the fitting room, she tries to take a feel to L’envie’s dick but the other aura puts her hand away before telling her the action will be later. Ceres pouts but she likes the outfit very much.
        - Minfilia is the second to watch the outfit and she is appreciative too. She understands why L’envie wanted to get something like that. She takes one boob in her hand and says the feature is quite practical. L’envie finds it useful too, smiling to the blond. Minfilia admits she should find a matching outfit. Something who shows she is in charge. L’envie wants to help but before she has to remove this outfit. Minfilia tells L’envie she has to buy it. Ceres listening behind the curtain approves. L’envie smiles and approves.
    - The three women search for an outfit for Minfilia but nothing she likes.
        - L’envie go buy the outfit and the care products. The clerk explained all the needs of the outfit. Watching L’envie smiles and embarrassment, she tells her she will like this outfit a lot if this is her first. The clerk folds all the clothes, put them into a bag before holding it for L’envie. Ceres remarks she has something to buy herself. She will meet them again at L'envie Goblet Manor.
        - L’envie poses in her new outfit in her private quarters. Minfilia claps and smiles. She likes it a lot. She loves how L’envie still wears her outfit but Minfilia can take care of her cock and nipples. L’envie kisses Minfilia. She tells her she is ready for a fun night when Ceres returns. Pink haired aura who returns with a bag of her own. Curious L’envie asks what she bought. Ceres then extracts a miniature leash for L’envie’s dick. Because she wants to lead L’envie by the dick too. Minfilia bursts into laughter.