1. L’envie is slowly sipping a glass of whisky in the Drowning Wench
        - This is her drink of choice lastly.
        - Her familial research is on standstill without any way to go in Othard. She is ruminating about her bad luck with her only way to go to an unknown place. She takes another sip when someone comes to her on her back. The voice makes her spray the whisky in her mouth. Y’sthola greets her as she is returning from her usual trips. L’envie is surprised but overjoyed she hugs her while welcoming her back.
        - They are sitting side by side at the counter when L’envie asks Y'shtola. Where was she ? Where was Minfilia ? Do they count on returning to the Rising Stones ? Do they need her help ? Y’shtola is honest, explaining her way to escape the bloody banquet. Minfilia and another friend went with her. She was helped outside of etherean flux and her friend went his own way. Minfilia is still in the ethereal sea near Hydaelyn. And they don’t know if they will see her again.
        - L’envie understands Minfilia situation is desperate. She knows her hopes to see her again are very low and she is sad she cannot do anything to talk to her once again. Y’shtola smiles sadly at her. The miqo’te talk about her return, her new outfit, her new haircut and her sight problem. L’envie asks her if she sees something different in her. The white haired woman admits L’envie ether is particular. If the light blue is present, she also has dark red ether in her core, looking terrible and powerful at the same time. This ether looks to go through her veins in her body an1d this is intrigued when Y’shtola tells she wants to experiment more later. L’envie blushes and smiles at the same time, a bulge visible in her pants. Y’shtola laughed when she got that reaction.
    - Y’mithra joins them.
        - She finds it mean of her sister this is bad of her to leave her there without leaving a meeting place. Y’shtola retorts nicely that she had no need to find her again. Y’mithra greets L’envie. That has been a while for them to meet again.  L’envie greets her too. She finds it funny how Y’shtola has the pheromones to bring out her secret but not Y’mithra. The second sister tells her they can hang out more often like that without sex involving.
        - L’envie asks Y’shtola if she thinks to come to her Mist house. The miqo’te sadly have work to do in Dravanian Hinterlands but she will message her when she can have a fun night together. Y’mithra is asked if she wants to come too. She declines the offer. She also has some work to do as her research on summoning magicks are at a critical point leading maybe to new units in Grand Companies. But someday, they will have an evening with just the two. L’envie smiles with a bit of sadness. Even if the day was gray with Minfilia disparition going maybe indefinitely, she can see a little hope with Y’shtola return.	
2. A few days later, L’envie received a note from her miqo'te friend telling her she is on her way to her Goblet Manor.
    - L’envie last days were a bit of a blur as she drank a lot to drown some of her regrets.
        - She still thinks about Minfilia, about what they had and how she thought to be in love. Minfilia was -is- her first sex friend. The one who would always do more to fill the submissive side of the aura. And now, L’envie had to let her go. Another gulp of whisky. She didn’t know how to act at the moment. Her work filled her days but her evenings and nights were becoming dull. With only Ceres coming home, alone. Even her felt how the atmosphere was not the same without the other regular of the house.
        - L’envie heard the doorbell ring and one of her retainers welcomed a guest. L’envie was still drinking when Galare brought Y’shtola to her, on the cabaret sofas. Y’shtola asked if she was okay. Answer from L’envie ? She is okay. Y’shtola, frank, tells L'envie she is not right. She is not even fit for a fun night. She looks like she needs a friend.
        - L’envie finally tells her all her feelings about Minfilia. She tells how their relationship changed her life and permitted her to live again, in a sexual way. The aura was ready to let her life be put on the side because of her dick and Minfilia embraced this side of her. The blond made her a fulfilled submissive who led her life as a successful import/export agent by day and as a needy little slut by night.
    - Y’shtola understands L’envie lost a big part of her life with Minfilia.
        - She needs to accept that this part of her life is gone. Unless a miracle, Minfilia had to go and never return. But that doesn’t mean they have to forget her. She will always be a part of them, for she linked them together and many people in her life. While they continue to live, and meet each other, then Minfilia life has not been in vain. L’envie finishes her glass before throwing the glass against the scene floor. Fuck ! She was not even drunk ! And she knew Y’shtola was right. L’envie asks if she can be bold with Y’shtola. The cat girl accepts. And L’envie kissed her suddenly. The kiss is shared after a few seconds and Y’shtola lets her lead the kiss before putting some space between them. She reminds L’envie she will not be a replacement for Minfilia. L’envie knows. She needs someone to forget and build again her relationships.
        - Y’shtola has an idea. She tells L’envie to go into her private quarters and to wear her Tekuho BDSM outfit. She has a new outfit she bought recently for their fun night and she took it with her today. And she will come in L’envie’s private quarters with it to show it off. L’envie lets her friend go to the artist alley for the cabaret and go to her private quarters to put up the latex outfit she likes. She goes to sit on the private stage and wait a bit. She hears the clatter of approaching heels and the door opens. Y’shtola appears in a very tight latex crop top, latex pants and latex heels. Her hands are encased in short black latex gloves. L’envie is quite loving the outfit, telling it to her friend who admits she fell in love with this outfit when she saw it. 
3. Going to L’envie, head to head, Y’shtola takes L’envie hips in her hand before taking the aura to her. 
    - Then she kisses L’envie. 
        - The blue haired girl melts into the kiss, her arms going around the white haired girl's neck. Y’shtola lets her hands wander and the latex gloves run on L’envie skin, grasping everything in their reach, hips, sides, breasts. The miqo’te plays with the aura nipples, making her moan. The scion smiles when she sees L’envie’s dick appear, erect as usual. She asks her aura friend if she is ready. L’envie hands go to her ass and squeeze. The outfit highlights Y’shtola best features, her ass and legs. 
        - The two women kiss again while feeling up the other. L’envie’s dick produces some precum. Y’shtola asks L’envie to use the zipper on the back of her pants to open them. L’envie becomes aware the zipper opens from back to front passing by the space between her legs. Once the pants are open, Y’shtola shows she is excited with her wetness and puts L’envie’s dick in her pussy. Slowly riding the dick, Y’shtola takes control of the act. L’envie submits gladly and puts her hands on the catgirl hips, putting some effort too.
    - L’envie remarks Y’shtola is more confident in her actions while the catgirl continues to ride her dick.
        - Y’shtola moans while she explains her escape from the banquet cost her eyes. She sees ether now and no more light. But she can now contemplate the world in a new light. And L’envie’s beauty is equal from internal to external. She likes to see how L’envie ether turns from blue to red, going to her dick, like blood and hormones combined to please the catgirl. Seeing the aura body reacting to her made her heart flutter a bit. L’envie is pleased with that, moving her chest to take Y’shtola in her arms. Y’shtola stops to move and this is L’envie turn to move her hips to the piston in the white haired girl.
        - L’envie admits she changed too. She was forced. For she dipped in the shady side of her work to get information. Information about their disparition. This obligated her to be more serious, to be more in control of her work. She busted her ass to make her business more profitable and this paid off. Saying the last part, she cums in Y’shtola.
        - Y’shtola leads L’envie on one of the sofas surrounding the scene. L’envie tells then she searched her father's side of the family. She wanted to know if she still had family. She discovered one tribe fitting her father. But she needs to go there to have confirmation. And with no means to go to Othard, she is kind of stuck in Eorzea.
    - Y’shtola lays her back on the sofa.
        - She tells L'envie they will find a way for the aura to go to Othard. In the meantime, the catgirl wants L’envie to fucks her, hard. L’envie faces Y’shtola to kiss her before taking the catgirl's legs on her shoulders. The penetration is deeper and the lower body movements make the orgasms build faster for both women.
        - Getting  rid of her top, Y’sthola forces L’envie to suck her nipples. The lizard girl complied without any complaint. Under the dual assault, top and bottom, Y’shtola cums around L’envie who do not cum. Instead, L’envie leaves the white haired woman's pussy, and turns Y’shtola on her knees and teases Y’shtola anus.
        - After a little bit of lube, the blue haired woman penetrates the hole and moans for a long time under the tight pressure of Y'shtola. Y’shtola eyes are wide open and moans too. The feeling of being so full triggers something in her which builds her another orgasm. Under the strokes of the pelvis from L’envie, the two women cum with L’envie falling on top of Y’shtola. Her dick expels lots of cum and gives Y’shtola a distended belly, more than usual. L’envie falls on her side and takes Y’shtola in her arms. Hands on Y’shtola belly, L’envie whispers that feeling under her hands could be nice in the long term. Y’shtola laughs before saying this is not the right time. And L’envie will find somebody for it sometimes.