1. L’envie arrived at the Rising stones with a package for the Scions.
    - Tataru welcomes her and thanks her for the quick delivery of the artifact.
        - L’envie is curious why they needed that package. She thought they had no ascian to fight recently. Tataru says she has no idea, she would need Y’shtola, Alphinaud or Thancred to explain. Lucky for them, Y’shtola arrived at the Rising stones with Lyse. The catgirl receives a warm hello from L’envie who salutes Lyse more shyly. Lyse watches her curiously before realizing L’envie doesn’t know her with her new red outfit.
        - She and Y’shtola tell L’envie how she was Yda all this time under the mask. L’envie hear also how Lyse came to play Yda role in the Scions organization. L’envie becomes more warm to Lyse and says hello again. Everyone smiles at the interaction. Y’shtola asks why L’envie is here and L’envie tells how she brought the artifact with white etherite. L’envie asks also her question.
        - Y’shtola simply explains how the Warrior of Light fought and defeated two Ascians recently. With how the Scions progressed to make the Ascians disappear, they wanted a stock of white etherite to dispose of. L’envie is surprised by the recent developments and congratulates them. She hopes they will succeed soon.
        - The white haired woman smiles at Lyse before telling Ascians will have to wait for the moment as the Eorzean alliance has recently decided to help mhigans to liberate Gyr Abania. L’envie is stupified. Wasn’t Ala Mhigo a no-go zone for eorzeans with all the garleans there? Lyse explains the Ilberd situation and how Eorzeans have a unique opportunity to free the region.
    - L’envie asks Y’shtola if she thinks they will meet again soon.
        - Y’shtola wanted one before this day and she didn’t have the time. So sure. Lyse is curious about the night between L’envie and Y’shtola. The usual question about dating is asked and the two women laugh. They answer that nights are to get together since their meeting, with Minfilia help.
        - The catgirl eyes Lyse before asking L’envie if she thinks she is ready for more people. L’envie is not sure but recently, she admits Y’shtola return made her life feel normal again. Even Ceres remarked on it and profited a bit with her favorite treat. Y’shtola smiles, explaining to Tataru and Lyse that Ceres is a common friend of theirs who likes to play with L’envie’s nerves. L’envie made a snarky remark about playing with all her nerves.
        - L’envie finally relent to invite Lyse, but Y’shtola will have to explain the rules for their fun nights. Y’shtola fix L’envie before groaning a bit. L’envie laughs and leaves them, inviting Lyse and Y’shtola to come to her Mist house for the night. Lyse in the background asks Y’shtola what those rules are and Y’shtola quickly says she will know later.
2. L’envie finishes some paperwork in her office.
    - She recently got more offers from rich collectors.
        - After a quick study about the risks/benefits to their offers, she chose three jobs who can be quite well paid for the tasks to do. Near the end of the study, she hears the door ring and one of her retainers open to the door. A quick chat later, Fureur came to her to tell her her guests arrived for the night. L’envie orders Fureur to bring them to her private quarters, then they should put themselves at ease.
        - Once her paperwork is finished, L’envie goes to her private quarters to find Lyse and Y’shtola in casual clothing. Lyse watches her half shy, half curious. L’envie understands she knows the rules. Lyse nodes her head. Y’shtola points to a bag and tells L’envie she brought her outfit, so L’envie should use hers too. Lyse will have to use her current lingerie.
        - Once in her Tekuho BDSM outfit, L’envie joins Y’shtola wearing her elite club outfit and Lyse in plain white/red lingerie. L’envie and Y’shtola speak to Lyse to put her at ease. They don’t ask her to have sex with them. She participates if she wants. Y’shtola explains how she was invited by Minfilia. L’envie, after kissing Y’shtola and sniffing her scent, transforms her clitoris into a dick to continue the explanations. First startled by the dick apparition, Lyse is curious if it is real. Y’shtola laughs and says it is.
    - Pushing L’envie on one of the sofas, Y’shtola goes on her knees between L’envie’s legs before stroking the dick.
        - She asks Lyse if the situation bothers her. Lyse admits this is strange but she has no problem with it. Y’shtola licks the dick and the aura moans a bit. Y’shtola smiles and sucks the cock. L’envie asks Lyse to approach her face and capture Lyse's lips with her own. First startled, Lyse finishes by answering the kiss. Lyse gains confidence and takes L’envie’s face in hands, still kissing her.
        - Sucking and stroking the dick at the same time, Y’shtola feels L’envie on the point of cumming. Letting the dick leave her mouth, she strokes the dick faster and faster. Until L’envie moans in Lyse's mouth while cumming. The sperm gushes out and sprays o, the women. Still the dick stays erect, to Lyse's surprise. L’envie briefly says she is hypercharged in ether and hormones at the time, making her erection last for a white. Y’shtola asks Lyse if she wants to try. Curious, Lyse nod.
        - Spreading the sperm around the dick to lube it, Lyse watches L’envie’s face white she strokes it. L’envie moans under her ministrations. Y’shtola asks L’envie if she feels good. L’envie can tell Lyse is a novice but a novice with potential. Under the reserved compliment, Lyse goes faster and tries to suck the dick. The taste is not terrible. Y’shtola advises her to keep her mouth open and to use her neck muscles to move her head. After a while, L’envie cannot resist and tell she is ready to explode. Y’shtola quickly gives a choice to Lyse : chest or throat. Not understanding, Lyse let the dick go and L’envie cums. The sperm bathes the lower part of the blond face, and her clothed chest.  Lyse is surprised by the quantity and quite embarrassed her chest is visible through the wet bra. To help her, Y’shtola removes her and Lyse top, putting everyone's chest on display.
3. The three women kiss each other, alternating between the two others.
    - L’envie is clearly at ease, same as Y’shtola.
        - The two friends ask Lyse how she feels. The blond admits this is fun. She asks if this is what they do each time. L’envie quickly explains how the fun nights are not sex nights. The rules exists to put them at ease in case of sex happening. But mostly, those are night where they talk, they eat, they laughs and sometimes, they also have sex. Y’shtola warns Lyse of Ceres. The xaela is a sex fiend who could live with L’envie’s dick in her mouth all time. L’envie laughs at the description, telling this is true.
        - Y’shtola is quite willing for a ride on L’envie’s dick. L’envie shows her laps, ready for her. Lyse doesn’t understand how casual the sex can be with people focused on it. L’envie, moaning from time to time, while Y’shtola ride her dick, speak how only one person has to focus for two to have sex. The other person can continue to discuss if she can. Y’shtola finishes her ride cumming around L’envie while L’envie cums in her pussy.  Y’sthola continue L’envie’s explanation telling their fun nights tend to banalize sex in a friendly environment.
        - L’envie goes behind Lyse and removes her panties before putting the head of her dick in her pussy. Being pounded from behind, Lyse hears Y’shtola when the catgirl tell her sex here is like eating, driking or playing. They can do two things at the same time. L’envie goes faster and faster until she blasts one ejaculation in Lyse pussy. Cums flow out of her and is surprised L’envie has so much sperm at disposition. 
    - Y’shtola laughs and describes the first time she saw L’envie fill a bath with her ejaculations. 
        - L’envie grumbles a bit under the laughs of her present friends. Eyeing a free hole, Y’shtola asks Lyse if she she wants to try anal. Lyse is not sure but as she had a few new experiences today, one more cannot be bad. L’envie tells Y’shtola they should ease her first. Putting all their attention on the blond, the catgirl and the lizard girl kiss her one after the other. They lick and kiss all parts of her body, causing her to become putty in their hands.
        - While Y’shtola kisses Lyse on the mouth, L’envie slowly inserts her dick in Lyse anus. Putting her hands on Lyse's shoulders, L’envie rides Lyse back while pounding her ass. The experience is quite strange to Lyse. Y’shtola understand, she lost her anal virginity recently to the same dick. L’envie is quickly ready to cum. Y’shtola tells her to cum in Lyse rectum. The ejaculation is quite the load and Lyse's belly is getting rounder, giving her a bulge.
        - Lyse feels her belly. Feeling her building belly, she cannot understand how she feels, being a mhigan monk. Y’shtola laughs because it was also her idea when she told L’envie to cum in her ass. L’envie asks if Y’shtola wants to experience being pregnant again. Y’shtola laughs even harder at Lyse's face, asking L’envie to give the catgirl her best shots. Lyse finally understands L’envie sperm filling Y’shtola so much she looks pregnant. L’envie smiles at each woman, she gains a new friend ready to play with everyone.