1. Lyse go to L’envie’s Mist house.
    - They have a friendly date at Limsa tonight.
        - L’envie advised Lyse with an outfit she currently wears. Their friendly date is to make them talk together, to learn from each other. Lyse was unsure about the outfit when she put on it. But now she walks in the Mist ward, wearing it, she cannot stop herself to feel more confident. That’s why she is early for their meeting at L’envie house so she can thank her.
        - Lyse finds quite a sight of her arrival, L’envie is wearing only the long gloves and stockings of the same outfit as hers. Nothing else. Quite surprised, Lyse alerted L’envie of her presence. L’envie is first baffled by Lyse's presence before trying to explain the situation. L’envie tried recently to force the issue about her body by walking in the manor in the nude more often. She arrives to live in the nude in her house easily now. But she has difficulties doing it outside. So she tries more and more to step outside without clothes, or the least possible.
        - Lyse understands how L’envie tries to be more assured with her body like that. L’envie discusses the issue with Lyse to convince her to do the same. After a bit of persuasion, she arrives to make Lyse take off the robe and panties to finish in the same state as her. Relaxing together, the women tan a bit while discussing. L’envie takes out her phone to take selfies of her and Lyse in the nude. After a few pictures, they decide to return to tanning. A few hours later, L’envie and Lyse put on their clothes again for their date in Limsa.
    - They finish in one isolated tavern where they talk about their lives.
        - Lyse teach to L’envie about the Ala Mhigo. Theodoric, the civil war, the invasion by Garlemald, the life under its yoke. She discusses how she fled Gya Abania young with her sister's help. She trained hard to defend herself and now the freedom of her city in the pool. L’envie spoke about her mercenary life before her time as an import export professional. She gave many juicy anecdotes about rich collectors who made them laugh.
        - After eating and drinking, L’envie brought Lyse home to continue the discussion. There, they talk about how L’envie met Minfilia, Y’shtola and others. Lyse is mortified about the first time the dick appeared because she was there as Yda. L’envie asserts to her that the aura knew it was Minfilia and Y’shtola at the time. Shyly, Lyse asks L’envie if her own scent triggers L’envie dick. At the time, the two women were very close, close enough for L’envie to sniff a big quantity of Lyse scent. Scent who transforms her clitoris into a dick. Lyse feels better knowing she can be a potential mate to L’envie. The aura for her part doesn’t know how she will get rid of the dick.
    - Lyse offers to help. 
        - She removes her robe to avoid staining it and begins to stroke L’envie’s dick. L’envie produces enough pre-cum to lube her dick. Lyse then uses her chest and mouth to stroke L’envie dick. After a few minutes, L’envie erupts in Lyse mouth. The quantity is too much and Lyse finishes letting some go from her mouth on her chest. 
        - Not satisfied, L’envie kisses Lyse before penetrating her pussy with her dick. The two women move to create friction. They bring each other to orgasms, alternating positions each time one of them cums. After a few hours to fuck, they finish in L’envie private quarters where they fuck in the bath, Lyse riding L’envie’s dick while kissing her. One last common orgasm and L’envie’s dick finally disappears.
        - L’envie is quite stupefied by how long Lyse lasted. It took quite a while for Minfilia to fuck her dick to submission. Lyse admits her mink training helped her to last. L’envie wonders if she should force all her sex friends to the same physical training for them to tire her ? Lyse smiles before kissing her, thanking her for giving her a moral boost this night. L’envie tells her she is welcome.