1. L’envie first step into the Steppe is not assured.
    - This is the birth place of her father.
        - She is disoriented in a place that seems familiar to her. Everything shouts to her that she is somewhere she belongs to. After finding Reunion, she meets Xaela auras. There, the people behave like she was one of them. She doesn’t understand why but she has one question : do they know this mysterious woman she briefly met in Kugane ?
        - After meeting violent Dothaarl and Oronir, L’envie is forced to show her strength. Her black magic is very strong but it is her white magic who saves her to put down the two violent men. After returning to Reunion, one merchant tells her she looks like a young delinquent woman known from a few of them. She advises L’envie to search the last of the Hotgo.
        - First curious, L’envie discovers the Hotgo tribe was wiped out. Or the man at Reunion told her they still existed. After a while, she understood. The tribe still exists but from people who left before the massacre and returned. She searched for them for three days and three nights. When she found them, she met the young woman of Kugane with an axe ready to defend herself.	
    - L’envie wants to avoid fighting.
        - She is there because she wants to know how a Raen au ra is here in Xaela territory. The young woman talks about Malaguld with Raen too. L’envie asks how she is the lone Raen here. A male xaela then tells the young woman, Fanny (the name tilts L’envie), to bring their visitor the elder. Fanny first refuses but the man tells her this is a demand of the elder. Fanny then reluctantly brings L’envie to the elder, an old woman called Orghana Hotgo. Mother of Temuge Otchigin Hotgo. Their father.
        - L’envie is surprised by the declaration but when Orghana calls her Desiree, she is stunned. How ? Why ? Orghana explains Desiree and Fanny are not sisters only, they are twins. Fanny and L’envie watch each other surprised before facing Kamakshi. TWINS ? Orghana continued her explanation. The Princess of the Azure Currents went pregnant, she expected to have only one child, one heir and only one. Temuge was ready to only have one child. When two childs appear in their hands, their mother points to Desiree. And abandoned Fanny. 
        - Temuge took care of her the best he could until their mother complained to him to abandon Desiree. To be sure Fanny was cared for, he traveled to Orghana and confied Fanny to her. He stayed long enough to explain to her the reasons for Fanny's placement. And he wished one day, his daughters forgave him. Orghana waited for her son to return. To see Desiree come is a joy, but as she is alone, Orghana knows her son is no more. 
        - L’envie reacts by asking to know more. She may have let her true name disappear but it doesn’t mean she doesn’t want to ignore her past, her parents past. Orghana offers her the hospitality, as a descendant of the tribe. She also asks Fanny to introduce her sister to the rest of the tribe. L’envie remarks she is called L’envie D’aimer. A play on her true name, Desiree.
2. Fanny make L’envie visits the camp.
    - There, she meets lots of female and male aura.
        - First reluctant to meet the males, she does it reluctantly.They are friendly but she still has one side of her who doesn’t want males in her proximity. Fanny, in a brash way, saw her reluctance and asked L’envie. The long haired aura tells her sister how she was held captive and raped multiple times when she left their mother village. She explains how her mind was broken, how she waited for death to welcome her. She quickly tells how she was saved and how her eorzean story began.
        - Fanny is half impressed, half sad. The warrior admits she lived in the Stepped way and so death was ineluctable many days. But she is quite happy to survive until now to meet her twin. She even laughs knowing her rival will be waiting in vain for their weekly fight. L’envie asks if she has close friends, maybe lovers. Fanny tells how her fight with her rival and one friend bring the fever of fight into her. This fever leads to physical proximity.
        - Trying to openly talk about her ether problem, L’envie asks how and Fanny bluntly tell she uses her dick to pound them into submission. L’envie is surprised and relieved at the same time. So Fanny is like her ? L’envie then tells everything she knows about their particularity. She talks about her sex friends, her doctor appointments, her doubts, her research. Fanny adds they are the first female auras in the main branch. Every Hotgo before them was a male. L’envie is surprised and observes one detail : all possessors of this ether were male and so the dick was natural. As they are the first females, their bodies react to make them male enough to breed and mate. Fanny finds that quite funny.
    - L’envie decided to stay a few days with her father's tribe.
        - The simple life attracts her. She discovers things she likes to do with her grandmother. She likes to discuss things with her. To talk about the world and to have her thoughts about it. She helps Fanny to hunt and bring food to their table. But L’envie decides one day she has to leave. She discovered the birthplace of her father. She can come back to meet them again.
        - Orghana, hearing L’envie reasons to leave (her work, her friends, her homes, her contacts), asks L’envie one thing. To take Fanny with her. Fanny, surprised, asked why. Orghana knows Fanny wants to stay but the world is a big place and she needs to see the best she can. Orghana didn’t know how until L’envie arrived. But that one brought the means for Fanny to leave without any fear.
        - Fanny doesn’t want to leave their grandmother alone. Orghana smiles at her granddaughters and admits she sees her end near. She has not many days left before her. So she makes Fanny promise to leave with L’envie once she passes away. Fanny promises and L’envie promises to bring Plaisir to Eorzea for she will never be alone.
    - Two weeks later, Orghana passed away in her sleep. 
        - The two sisters had to work together for they met many xaela warriors who thought they could take on the two sisters. And the sisters fought together very well, to their surprise. The sisters defended the camp enough to let the tribe in peace in their time of mourning.
        - The whole tribe cries for their elder. L’envie cannot stop herself from feeling responsible for her passing. Fanny, resolute besides her, picks up all her affairs. She asks L’envie how they leave. L’envie, seeing Fanny's flame in her eyes, indicates her plans to return to Kugane before taking a boat for Eorzea. 
        - As the two sisters begin their walk towards their future, L’envie tries to make plans to explain the apparition of her twin to her friends. And she cannot bring herself to tell all her secrets. She creates a plan and tells one detail to Fanny. As they go to Eorzea, Desiree and Fanny will disappear again to let place to L’envie and Plaisir D’aimer. The Azure sisters.