1. As the Azure sisters intend to leave the Azim Steppe, Fanny has a message to send.
    - L’envie is curious.
        - The message is for Sadu Dotharl, her rival. She has to alert her that she will be gone for a long time. Their weekly fight will have to be put on hold.. L’envie wonders how their fights began.
        - Fanny admits at first, she wasn’t very interested in fighting Sadu as the Dotharl are bloodthirsty auras, living to destroy and kill. Their meetings were mostly at Reunion when they were young. Sadu taunted Fanny as she was from a less known tribe, a tribe not participating in the Nhadaam to control the Steppe. Fanny has no care as her principal interest was to survive.
        - With years, Sadu searched time and time to trigger a reaction in Fanny. Who left the blue haired aura stone faced. But those confrontations made Fanny meet another aura, Cirina Mol. Friendly xaela whose tribe didn’t participate in the Nhadaam too. Their strange friendships began like that. After a while to ignore Sadu, Fanny accepted to fight her to stop the white haired xaela to taunt her. Since then, the raen and the xaela often fight each other.
    - L’envie  understands and finds it nice as a way to create a group.
        - Fanny admits the fights finish with a friendly reminder they don’t want to kill each other. L’envie asks why. Fanny points to her crotch and tells Sadu trigger the dick. First stunned, L’envie has a belly laugh, holding herself to roll on the floor. Fanny, with a big smile on her face, has to admit the transition from the blood and sweat to sexual fluids is very nice. The winner of the fight decides how they have sex and the two have great pleasure from it.
        - L’envie is curious about Cirina's behavior. Fanny knows she doesn’t trigger any dick apparition so she is safe. Mostly at times, she waits for them to finish their fight and the following sex act before joining them. L’envie is alright for them to do a detour. And so the two sisters go to Nhaama's Retreat.
2. Their arrival seems to confound the Dotharl.
    - Sadu is stunned to see two Fanny appear in front of her.
        - She asks the short-haired one if all Dotharl are drunk because they see double. Fanny laughs before telling her the truth. She has a twin sister coming home finally after a long separation. Sadu asks L’envie if she is also coming to fight her ? The black skinned aura smirks to the long haired aura who swallows hard. L’envie points to Fanny before telling Fanny is the one interested in her, not L’envie. Fanny tells Sadu their elder died recently and they decided Fanny would follow L’envie in her country. So their weekly fight will stop.
        - Sadu is furious ! How Fanny can think she will accept that ! She draws her mage staff and begin to cast when Fanny remembers her they have a dedicated place for that. Pouty, Sadu put back her staff in her back before ordering Fanny to find her back in there thirty minutes later. A bird alerts Cirina too. Fanny sighs before turning towards L’envie. She will have time to discuss with Cirina, looks like. L’envie smirks and wishes luck to Fanny to win her fight.
    - L’envie finds herself a hundred of yalms away from the battlefield.
        - Besides her, a nice pink haired aura called Cirina. The peaceful Mol is quite happy to have new friends to talk to. After Hien and his friend left, she found herself alone many times and she regretted not following them. Gladly, she still has Fanny and Sadu. L’envie feels a pang of culpability. She decides to be frank, telling how Fanny is following her to Eorzea to live together as they should have most of their lives. But Sadu and Cirina are most invited to visit them ! Cirina smiles, glad she will be visiting the world as all her friends.
        - As the fight continues between the two rivals, L’envie asks Cirina if she doesn’t feel apart from them. With her by the side, letting them fight. Cirina understands this is how they behave. How they live. Sadu’s blood thrives for fight and blood. Fanny’s blood boil from the sexual tension resulting from the fight and the sex right after. L’envie ask the question who laid in her brain for a while : why not participate in the after fight sex ?
        - Cirina is surprised. She didn’t think about it. The sex looked like a continuation of the battle for her. She didn’t want to intrude. L’envie admits she has many friends at home who triggers her dick. Like Fanny, her blood thrives for potential mates to breed. At first, she was reluctant to act on it but today, she organizes events for all her friends to join her in big gatherings where they talk together, eating, drinking, and having sex. She doesn’t know how Fanny will fit in but L’envie has to try. And she looks forward to seeing if Cirina and Sadu want to participate.
    - Watching Plaisir with her dick, in the open, manhandle Sadu, L’envie sweat drop a bit
        - Her hate of men and dicks other than hers will have to drop too. While the two sisters will never touch each other sexually, L’envie presumes they will fucks women side by side. Cirina laughs at her reaction. She looks forward to seeing the next gathering.
        - L’envie is quite happy for their meeting. She formally invites Cirina to come to her home when she can. She will try to organize a “fun night” when she comes to Eorzea. She even has one friend she wants Cirina to meet : Ceres.
        - As they continue to talk, Fanny joins them, putting back her pants. She is quite proud to have put Sadu down one last time before leaving. L’envie watches Sadu far away putting back her clothes. The lost princess asks if their fights finish messy like that everytime. Fanny laughs and tells she had to mark the pause. Cirina confirmed Fanny was rougher than usual today. She continues by telling L’envie she will try to bring Sadu the time she visits Eorzea. L’envie smiles at her and nods. Fanny thanks Cirina for coming today. She shouts thanks to Sadu for the last fight.
        - L’envie takes Fanny's hands as they step outside of the steppe. She asks if Plaisir D’aimer is ready to take over the world with her. Fanny let out a small smile, a bit struggling. She takes a step forward. With a determined voice, she confesses it will be hard for a time to answer to that name. But in the future, the D’aimer sisters will be a force to recognize and they will be famous. L’envie looks forward to that time !