1. L’envie is occupied with her paperwork.
    - She tries to put something on her mind to avoid thinking about her friends in Gyr Abania.
        - She learned a few days ago how the Eorzean alliance advanced on the battlefield and prepared the attack on Ala Mhigo when she returned with Plaisir.
        - She didn’t get any news from Y’shtola or Lyse. She is worried because her friends fight at the moment. But at the same time, she knows they are accomplished fighters, so she should trust them.
        - She wonders if they would alert her when the battle is finished. It would be interesting to hear what happened in the mhigan city-state. She heard the city looked great at its golden age.
    - The door rings and one of her retainer answers to the door.
        - Hearing a muffled voice, L’envie assumes this is someone wanting something from her. She waits then for her retainer to come to her while scribbling some notes on her paperwork (an indesirable contract with some shady lalafell wanting her to go in the underground of the city without any backup nor official authorization. What was she to him ? A newbie in the business ? Tch !)
        - When she hears a knock to her office door, she asks the person to enter. This is Claire telling she received a message from the Gyr albanian frontline. Her friends from the Scions announced the war was finished and the garlean forces were defeated.
        - At the announcement, L’envie smiles and asks if Claire has more news. The xaela has one : they are coming in a week to celebrate their victory with guests for a fun night. She should expect them at least. L’envie’s smile widened. A week is long enough to get things rolling in her absence at work and to get everything ready. Maybe even invite Plaisir.
    - The concerned sister appears and makes L’envie face a serious act.
        - She flirts a bit with Claire before L’envie thanks her retainer and asks her to prepare her usual affairs for the next week. Claire asks if she should prepare the maximum possible or if she should get the usual amount, with more in the fridges. L’envie’s mind tells her to go for the second option, so this is what her mouth tell. Claire nods before leaving and ignoring Plaisir.
        - The warrior asks L’envie if her retainers have sticks in the asses to never reply to her advances. L’envie answers they are trained to never answer her guests' sexual proclivities unless they are in her private quarters. Plaisir asks if there are frequent activities in her private quarters. To which L’envie admits not so much. They are mostly about her friends and her when they want to decompress about work. She can come and attest what happens in the next week as she has guests to entertain to celebrate the end of the Gyr Abanian campaign.
        - Plaisir accepts fast and asks what the plan is. L’envie explains how this is mostly female friends in lingerie discussing their professional lives or their hobbies or research. The discussions happen naturally with food, beverages and sex at disposal of everyone. Plaisir asks if it means she could have sex with each woman. L’envie agree but warn Plaisir : each female participant has to agree to the sexual acts before it happens. She will not accept non consentant acts in her own home. Plaisir's face becomes serious and understanding. She will act responsibly. L’envie thanks her and welcomes her to stay with her while she finishes her work so they can go into town right after Plaisir discovers the city of the desert.
2. L’envie’s day is light work wise, the following week.
    - She was ready for the entertainment of the night. 
        - She has food and beverages in her private quarters. She has frivolous lingerie already on her. And Plaisir got some in the week while a shopping spree L’envie got her sister into.
        - Plaisir was already in the cabaret, waiting for the festivities to begin. L’envie wondered how her friends would react to her sister as it would be the first time she would introduce someone like that, out of the blue to a big group of guests.
        - When she hears the chime of her doorbell, she promptly finishes her paperwork. She hears clamour in the entrance hall where she finds Y’shtola & Lyse, regulars of the house. They are accompanied by Yugiri, M’naago & Hilda. The introductions are stiff at the beginning but Lyse is the one to break the ice, telling the newcomers how L’envie is a longtime contact of the Scions of the Seventh Dawn. A bit relaxed, everyone is going along into the cabaret where Plaisir is waiting for them. L’envie presents her sisters to her friends and the newcomers. 
    - L’envie explains how the fun nights work
        - First flustered, the newcomers are okay staying in lingerie. L’envie wants to hear how the battles of Gyr Abania went. Lyse goes into long details about how the fight for Castellum Velodyna. L’envie & Plaisir listen carefully to the many fights along the reconquest of the arid Ilsabard region from the many invitees.
        - The long tale finishes and people are getting comfortable. L’envie gets her retainers to serve everyone and Plaisir slaps Claire ass, a bulge evident in her pants. Y’shtola observes it and asks L’envie if her speciality is genetic. L’envie is prompt to answer that Plaisir is her twin, so they share everything in genetics, their ether included with its effect on their anatomy.
        - As Plaisir explains all their similarities, Plaisir asks Claire if the time is right now. Claire, cheeky, makes her work for it. Lyse approaches Plaisir to know if they are really similar. Plaisir is open to test it. As Lyse expects Plaisir to be as submissive as L’envie, she doesn't expect Plaisir to return the situation and to be the one driving the sexual encounter. Follow what Lyse calls the rougher ride of her life. When the two finish, Plaisir is clearly pent up and goes after Claire. L’envie asks if Lyse is okay, to which the blond says she got more than what she could chew. But the orgasm was worth it.
        - After that, all women clearly get in the mood and L’envie got to fuck with every of her invitees. Plaisir returns from her session with Claire and participates with the girls L’envie cannot serve at the moment. While L’envie discovers Hilda’s body as the hyur doesn’t make her ether-crazy, Plaisir takes care of the Y’shtola tasty body. When L’envie and Yugiri go into a 69 position (despite Yugiri not having the hormones to trigger the dick), Plaisir goes after M’naago’s ass, literally as M’naago doesn’t have the ether to make her grow her dick.
    - Lyse asks if she can taste the two dicks side by side.
        - L’envie refuses categorically. Even if her trauma was reduced with time, she cannot support one dick near her. Plaisir propose une double penetration. All participants propose their ideas too. Only one option is okay then : one of the sisters taking the mouth and the other taking the pissy or the ass. Feeling her sister dick through the body of a partner makes L’envie shudder.
        - Lyse gets to be stuffed by the two sisters. She gets to suck Plaisir’s dick like a lollipop while L’envie, with all the lubrication, takes her ass. Slowly but steady, the two sisters match each other in speed before they Lyse how she wants to receive their semen. She asks them to cover her.
        - L’envie eyes Y’shtola who understands directly and tells everyone to move to L’envie private quarters. Once inside the quarters, the sex resumes on the sofa in L’envie bedroom where Plaisir covers Lyse’s face and torso, while L’envie spreads her essence on her genitals and tummy. The quantity of the sisters covers quite a lot of Lyse’s front before their dick stop. All off-white from the semen, Lyse is hilarious from her state but also of the orgasms she got. Y’shtola mentions how their activities always surprise her. Hilda and M’naago are quite happy with their nights. Yugiri smiles a lot and says she is quite content. L’envie & Yugiri discovered while discussing how they two come from underwater villages. They bond over it.
        - After all the sex, all people are friendly enough to talk about more personal subjects. L’envie tells how she discovered Plaisir's existence. Plaisir describes her life in the Steppe. Yugiri is surprised she didn’t see her when she went there with the Warrior of Light. At a very late hour, all the friends finished in L’envie’s very big bed where they went to rest before going home and further adventures in the coming days.