1. L’envie & Plaisir going through Ul’dah market for L’envie materials
    - L’envie explains how some materials are needed from the markets specifically. Plaisir is going with her because she has nothing more fun to do.
        - While L’envie observe some materials, Plaisir catch Y’shtola far away in the markets.
        - As L’envie is informed, she tries to call Y’shtola only to see her go away in one of the numerous alleys of the markets.
        - Letting go of L’envie needs, the twins decide to follow Y’shtola to meet her. Many minutes where they search the miqo’te before finding her entering a clothing store.
    - L’envie & Plaisir finally join Y’shtola and observe how she changed clothes recently.
        - Y’shtola tries to explain her travels in the First Shard. It goes fast above Plaisir’s head while L’envie is quite captivated by the tale.
        - Y’shtola then finishes her tale by explaining how her outfit is the one made by the Night’s Blessed.
        - As Y’sthola orders more copies of her outfits, L’envie laughs at Plaisir & she should get goth outfits.
        - Plaisir remarks she doesn’t have so much money at the moment, L’envie offers to pay.
    - The Azure sisters begin to search through all clothes to find what could work in a goth outfit.
        - L’envie decided on a dress, something girly. Plaisir goes for a more practical outfit.
        - L’envie tries on many outfits but nothing catches her eyes. Y’shtola tries to help her but finishes by giving more tips about practical outfits than girly like she wants.
        - Plaisir is easier to work on and she finishes fast with a black shirt above a large vest in black leather. A black and holed jeans with black boots complete the outfit.
        - L’envie tries on other outfits but says nothing will fit her. Discussing with a leatherworker in the clothing store, they decide to make something custom made. L’envie, Plaisir & Y‘shtola speak to the leatherworker about all options for L’envie. Finally L’envie finished with a large leather dress with long leather gloves & boots. The gloves are linked to the dress with fishnets and the boots have little parts in fishnets covering the legs.
        - Plaisir remarks how nothing covers her sister's bottom. L’envie blushes and Y’shtola smiles before telling how she thinks this outfit will serve many fun nights in the future. Plaisir laughs at that answer. Never will she regret following her sister in her strange & marvelous world.